README.rst, before:

========================
Team and repository tags
========================

.. image:: http://governance.openstack.org/badges/coverage2sql.svg
    :target: http://governance.openstack.org/reference/tags/index.html

.. Change things from this point on

===============================
coverage2sql README
===============================

Command to Read a coverage file and put the data in a SQL database

coverage2sql is a tool for storing data of test coverage into a SQL database.
With using this tool, you can store time series coverage data and analyze it
if your coverage rate is down.

* Free software: Apache license
* Documentation: http://docs.openstack.org/developer/coverage2sql
* Source: http://git.openstack.org/cgit/openstack/coverage2sql
* Bugs: http://bugs.launchpad.net/coverage2sql

Usage
=====

DB Setup
--------

The usage of coverage2sql is split into 2 stages. First you need to prepare a
database with the proper schema; coverage2sql-db-manage should be used to do
this. The utility requires db connection info which can be specified on the
command or with a config file. Obviously the sql connector type, user,
password, address, and database name should be specific to your environment.
coverage2sql-db-manage will use alembic to setup the db schema. You can run the
db migrations with the command::

    coverage2sql-db-manage --database-connection mysql://coverage:pass@127.0.0.1/coverage upgrade head

or with a config file::

    coverage2sql-db-manage --config-file etc/coverage2sql.conf upgrade head

This will bring the DB schema up to the latest version for coverage2sql.

.. _coverage2sql:

coverage2sql
------------

Once you have a database setup with the proper database schema you can then use
the coverage2sql command to populate the database with data from your test
coverage file. coverage2sql takes in a `.coverage file`_ through by passing it
file paths as positional arguments to the script at this moment.

.. _.coverage file: http://coverage.readthedocs.io/en/latest/cmd.html#data-file

There are several options for running coverage2sql, they can be listed with::

    coverage2sql --help

The only required option is --database-connection. The options can either be
used on the CLI, or put in a config file. If a config file is used you need to
specify the location on the CLI.



Features
--------

* TODO: .coverage file through stdin

Commit message:

Add ChangeLog URL to README.rst
This commit adds ChangeLog URL to README.rst. And this commit also
changed about TODO. We already have launchpad site. So, we can manage
our blueprints and bugs there.

Change-Id: I5a9169e1780be0c862b94232a4163adb31ffbb1e

README.rst, after:

========================
Team and repository tags
========================

.. image:: http://governance.openstack.org/badges/coverage2sql.svg
    :target: http://governance.openstack.org/reference/tags/index.html

.. Change things from this point on

===============================
coverage2sql README
===============================

Command to Read a coverage file and put the data in a SQL database

coverage2sql is a tool for storing data of test coverage into a SQL database.
With using this tool, you can store time series coverage data and analyze it
if your coverage rate is down.

* Free software: Apache license
* Documentation: http://docs.openstack.org/developer/coverage2sql
* Source: http://git.openstack.org/cgit/openstack/coverage2sql
* Bugs: http://bugs.launchpad.net/coverage2sql

Usage
=====

DB Setup
--------

The usage of coverage2sql is split into 2 stages. First you need to prepare a
database with the proper schema; coverage2sql-db-manage should be used to do
this. The utility requires db connection info which can be specified on the
command or with a config file. Obviously the sql connector type, user,
password, address, and database name should be specific to your environment.
coverage2sql-db-manage will use alembic to setup the db schema. You can run the
db migrations with the command::

    coverage2sql-db-manage --database-connection mysql://coverage:pass@127.0.0.1/coverage upgrade head

or with a config file::

    coverage2sql-db-manage --config-file etc/coverage2sql.conf upgrade head

This will bring the DB schema up to the latest version for coverage2sql.

.. _coverage2sql:

coverage2sql
------------

Once you have a database setup with the proper database schema you can then use
the coverage2sql command to populate the database with data from your test
coverage file. coverage2sql takes in a `.coverage file`_ through by passing it
file paths as positional arguments to the script at this moment.

.. _.coverage file: http://coverage.readthedocs.io/en/latest/cmd.html#data-file

There are several options for running coverage2sql, they can be listed with::

    coverage2sql --help

The only required option is --database-connection. The options can either be
used on the CLI, or put in a config file. If a config file is used you need to
specify the location on the CLI.

TODO
----

To see the TODO, go to the launchpad site:

* `https://bugs.launchpad.net/coverage2sql <https://bugs.launchpad.net/coverage2sql>`_
* `https://blueprints.launchpad.net/coverage2sql <https://blueprints.launchpad.net/coverage2sql>`_

ChangeLog
---------

To see the release notes go here: `http://docs.openstack.org/releasenotes/coverage2sql/ <http://docs.openstack.org/releasenotes/coverage2sql/>`_
